hi guys and welcome to another tops
match attax extra 2015-16 against Queens
Park Rangers where we open five packs of
the collection and any players from
those clubs will score goals for their
respective teams so let's get straight
amongst it here we go
West Brom versus Queens Park Rangers of
course they're in the home game in real
life fair or Charlie Austin got
hat-trick against West Brom at home I
believe and in fact they take the lead
away from home Carl Henry there a random
scorer West Bromwich Albion nil Queens
Park Rangers a1 in that first pack onto
the second pack here we go and we get no
further goals there unfortunately still
Queens Park Rangers holding and away
lead which is surprising I guess however
a decent team on paper however Callum
McManaman has equalized up for West
Bromwich Albion it's no wbf 1 QPR 1 and
that's the score in fact as we move into
halftime and onto the second half
and no further goals there is there
going to be a winner in this last packet
let's find out here we go and in fact
there isn't and the game finishes West
Bromwich Albion won through McManaman
Queens Park Rangers won through Henry so
you guys have enjoyed this head-to-head
challenge don't forget to give the video
a thumbs up as always guys and of course
I'll see you guys all in there future
public art stickers videos but until
then arrivederci